Responsibilities:
Your ability to work at the intersection of data science and software engineering while collaborating directly with customers and their data is your superpower.
You’re able to leverage your strong statistical foundation to understand business needs, and to help derive meaningful insights from large amounts of data.
You’re comfortable running one-off data assessments or building ML-based scoring models using data - customer obsessions is your north star as you dive deep into problems and propose novel solutions.
Outside of this, you also identify and participate in important company-building initiatives that a fast growing startup needs.
Have 2+ years of experience building data or/or ML-based models leveraging industry best practices.
Have exceptional SQL skills and experience with large-scale data transformation.
Can shape the future of Common Room’s data capabilities by integrating data science into our product development process.
Partner with customers to solve unique data challenges and optimize their workflows, and validate methodologies to develop pragmatic, scalable solutions for customers.
Don’t hesitate to dive into unfamiliar data and shape it to a familiar form that can be manipulated and reasoned on, and capable of making high quality technical and non-technical tradeoffs
Operate independently, but don’t hesitate to seek help and support from those around you to get your job done
Revel in your craft, are excited by and capable of owning large projects primarily in the front-end domain
Bring your authentic self to work, and engage in candid + respectful feedback
Build sustainably, and are capable of managing your time and priorities as best suits your needs
Enjoy the journey as much as the destination, but never lose sight of the destination
Demonstrate pride, ownership, and accountability for your work, and expect the same from those you work with

Qualification Required:
Have 2+ years of experience building data or/or ML-based models leveraging industry best practices.
Have exceptional SQL skills and experience with large-scale data transformation.
Can shape the future of Common Room’s data capabilities by integrating data science into our product development process.
Partner with customers to solve unique data challenges and optimize their workflows, and validate methodologies to develop pragmatic, scalable solutions for customers.
Don’t hesitate to dive into unfamiliar data and shape it to a familiar form that can be manipulated and reasoned on, and capable of making high quality technical and non-technical tradeoffs.
Operate independently, but don’t hesitate to seek help and support from those around you to get your job done.
Revel in your craft, are excited by and capable of owning large projects primarily in the front-end domain.
Bring your authentic self to work, and engage in candid + respectful feedback.
Build sustainably, and are capable of managing your time and priorities as best suits your needs.
Enjoy the journey as much as the destination, but never lose sight of the destination.
Demonstrate pride, ownership, and accountability for your work, and expect the same from those you work with.
